=head1 NAME

mytotp.conf - MyTOTP Configuration File


=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<mytotp.conf> is the main configuration file for MyTOTP

=head1 CONFIGURATION OPTIONS

The different configuration options are:

=over 4

=item step_size STEP

Default step to use when creating new accounts.

=item secret_bits BITS

Default bit size for the shared secret when creating new accounts.

=item lifetime LIFETIME

Default lifetime when creating new accounts.  The option must follow the
format of N[ymd], specifing the number of '[y]ears', '[m]onths', or '[d]ays'
for the lifetime (e.g. 3y).

=item fail_lockout COUNT

Number of authentication failures before locking the user's account.  Setting
a value of 0 will disable lockouts.

=item debug [YES|NO]

Print, or log, debug messages.  Valid options are 'yes',
'no', 'true', false', '1', or '0'.

=item issuer ISSUER

Value for the issuer field in the QR code.  This is used to identify the
account in the user's client app and should be set to something that will be
obvious (e.g. the organizaiton's name).

=back

=head2 Shared secret encryption

=over 4

=item encrypt_secret  [YES|NO]

Specify whether or not to encrypt the shared secret.  Valid options are 'yes',
'no', 'true', false', '1', or '0'.  When enabled, the shared secret will be
encrypted with a combination of the user's PIN and the master key.
 
=item master_key KEY

Key to use, in combination with the user's PIN, when encrypting the shared
secret.  The key should be 64 characters in length for maximum security.

=back

=head2 Backend database selection

=over 4

=item backend BACKEND

Specify the type of backend database to use.  Valid options are 'ldap' or
'db'.

=back

=head2 LDAP backend

=over 4

=item ldap_uri URI

LDAP URI for connecting to the remote server

=item ldap_basedn BASEDN

Base DN to use for searching the remote LDAP directory.

=item ldap_binddn AUTHDN

Distinguished name to use when authenticating to the remote LDAP server.

=item ldap_bindpw AUTHPW

Password to use when authenticating to the remote LDAP server.

=item ldap_cacert CERT

Full path to the CA certificate that was used to sign the remote server's
certificate.

=item ldap_verify VERIFY

How to verify the server's certificate.  Valid options are 'none', 'optional',
and 'require'.

=item ldap_timeout TIMEOUT

Timeout when connecting to the remote LDAP server.

=back

=head2 Database backend

=over 4

=item db_type TYPE

Specify the database type.  Current supported values are 'sqlite', 'mysql', and
'pg'.

=item db_host HOST

Remote host to connect to.  This option is only valid for mysql and pg
database types.

=item db_name NAME

Name of the database to use.  For sqlite, db_name is combined with db_path to
create the full path to the database file.

=item db_path PATH

This option is only valid for the sqlite database type and is combined with
db_name to create the full path to the database file.

=item db_user USERNAME

Username to use when connecting to the remote database.  This option is only
valid for mysql and pg database types.

=item db_pass PASSWORD

Password to use when connecting to the remote database.  This option is only
valid for mysql and pg database types.

=back

=head1 INCOMPATIBILITIES

There are no known incompatibilities with MyTOTP

=head1 BUGS

Please report problems to https://github.com/foolean/mytotp/issues

=head1 AUTHOR

Bennett Samowich <bennett@foolean.org>

=head1 LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

This file is part of MyTOTP.

Copyright 2017 Bennett Samowich <bennett@foolean.org>

MyTOTP is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

MyTOTP is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with MyTOTP.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

=cut
